# ``Logger`` { .property }
Structure

## Description

A logger handles every output generated by the daemon itself, the process or other parts controlled by the daemon.

## Properties

### ``level`` { #level .property }
= [``info``](LoggerLevel#info) ([``LoggerLevel``](LoggerLevel))

Minimal log level the logger will output its messages. All below will be ignored.

### ``stdoutLevel`` { #stdoutLevel .property }
= [``info``](LoggerLevel#info) ([``LoggerLevel``](LoggerLevel))

If the service prints something to ``stdout`` this will logged with this level.

### ``stderrLevel`` { #stderrLevel .property }
= [``error``](LoggerLevel#error) ([``LoggerLevel``](LoggerLevel))

If the service prints something to ``stderr`` this will logged with this level.

### ``filename`` { #filename .property }
= ``"console"`` ([``String``](String))

Target file of the logger. The file will be created if not exist - but not the parent directory.

If this value is set to ``console`` the whole output will go to ``stdout`` or to ``stderr`` on every log level
above or equal to [``warn``](LoggerLevel#warn).

### ``maxSizeInMb`` { #maxSizeInMb .property }
= ``500`` ([``NonNegativeInteger``](NonNegativeInteger))

MaxSize is the maximum size in megabytes of the log file before it gets rotated.

This is ignored if [``filename``](#filename) os set to ``console``.

### ``maxBackups`` { #maxBackups .property }
= ``5`` ([``NonNegativeInteger``](NonNegativeInteger))

MaxBackups is the maximum number of old log files to retain.

This is ignored if [``filename``](#filename) os set to ``console``.

### ``maxAgeInDays`` { #maxAgeInDays .property }
= ``1`` ([``NonNegativeInteger``](NonNegativeInteger))

MaxAge is the maximum number of days to retain old log files based on the
timestamp encoded in their filename.  Note that a day is defined as 24
hours and may not exactly correspond to calendar days due to daylight
savings, leap seconds, etc.

This is ignored if [``filename``](#filename) os set to ``console``.
